hey youtube if it goes in here from that
you guys with my friends TV on beef that
profile and yeah just get started purple
rush right you know I'm background
noises because we rounded up session
people get our houses when we see what
I'm triple world slamming them cards and
one striker because they limited the
share pretty much all you do is when
they die they slowly get another one and
what you'll enjoy your pony just like
all your real serious about today
we run more floaters just telling him he
had announced having have to own fields
to dollar but on the children he's two
thousand Iraqi already searched for same
thing with servers you can almost women
to him at a thousand attack but if your
skill drain you know someone who might
two thousand that's pretty good and when
he died he had himself back to your hand
and he's not loaded with 3000 under
guilty and even when he doesn't 19 and
wait 10 families all these guys get
pretty big except for striking cuz he's
award I was 13 more today surrey braces
the hidden tech guys giving guys inside
scoop on everything yugioh spells we got
a double duality to set up your hand
stuff double Lance so make sure your
monsters don't get like screwed over
usually it's just to like to over your
opponent's like we can never something
so you get here draw one of families and
like that from the Trinity we only
want to because in exact we weren't
texting traps if you use every storm you
should just like scoop you shouldn't be
able to use I've something to say you
could run if you want but in short this
is my dad gonna just one part of ours
you want to return all the floaters so
you can pull some more making the beach
then create creature 12 is an extra okay
so preacher saw brings cards back in you
know what don't run features fault cuz
it's a big then you can destroy your
td's and get dressed or drops there's 13
trucks so that means it was only a
certain los dos my hands like any tires
yeah super shaky skill drain negates the
effects the low price of a thousand
license it doesn't affect your deck
watch for one family system all by 100
they destroy something but borrow you
draw a card gdm one what makes it better
in creatures fellow-creatures hope you
could activate a new turn like straight
up this one you get a pic what you take
from them this column do what everyone
calling double torrential because your
floaters all go about torrential
spits low-dimensional further is to
remove play that affects why mr. Moffit
that's too strong or just in your face
and start that road because make sure to
stack it at the top you always have
you've been doing that a lot lately so
they don't run it because it brings
people back so yeah then for the extra
deck keeps monkey so we got a whole time
nashville time and are what keep going
I'm not restarting this that desperate
force okay and then we got that means I
might get all Super Bowl is really good
and they're still drinking just 3,000
beater with low so they got wonder
magician and catastor this could be
hyper librarian if you don't want a step
I did because I just well are you got
Gaia four sixes we got black rose 47
scrap dragon and Stardust for the eights
i'm missing tonight that's pretty much
my dick missing something yep and you're
right work full-time psychology because
you could summon the services and stuff
so thanks for watching this terrible all
of them sorry from record Lewis but you
know anybody got time for that it's for
the lower than I thing